# auto_setup_django_pregame

New simplified setup for Django Rest API automatic setup

our new plan is to exclusively use python code in order to finish things off and allow the user to have more advanced options when setting up his code and giving it greater range and functionality in use.  The next natural step in the evolution of this automatic django rest api generator is to give our code the versatility to give the user the option to setup specific field types and incorporate those types into the setup of the automatically as well.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here is how this will be done-- by my current thinking:

At the moment we already have a small amount of python code that is generated by our first shell script that is used to alter INSTALLED_APPS within config/settings.py after it is initially created in order to add 'api' and 'rest_framework' to our list of apps.

We do this by looking for a specific text marker in our code and then just adding this secondary line in right after it.  We can re-use this code by first modularizing it in order to test out that we can make it work by putting it into its own separate module and then-- once we think we've got THAT working-- within its own function-- and finally reincorporate it into our existing shell script code by simply having our bash script "echo" in order to create these files automatically.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

...of course you could just leave it as its own unique python module-- but for the time being I kind of just like the idea of having one single file that does EVERYTHING.  I like code that writes itself-- and like code that writes the code that writes itself even more.  This shell script isn't necessarily written to be easy to follow the logic of or edit further-- it's written to save the user precious time when transitioning from that first stage-- the idea stage-- to the execution stage.  And of course it's designed to make it FAR easier and quicker to make large changes to a huge number of different files with consistency and certainty-- with the precision, speed and efficiency of a machine.  

To make more advanced, specific changes to code the user will still need to understand how these 7 python modules within the API that is generated inter-relate and interact with one another.  However, with this in place the user will no longer have to worry about individually painstakingly constructing these massive python models by hand-- one field at a time-- and then editing every single one of the other 5 or 6 modules that'll need to be edited as well to accommodate the changes you made to the FIRST file-- only to have one small typo in one random file undermine the entire project and having to go frantically cycling from one file to the next looking for a single grain of sand on a beach.  
